# PlaceCellAnan
This code processes data generated by the Inscopix system and DeepLabCut and calculates place maps for place cells.

## Getting started
During recording:
- configure Inscopix Data Acquisition Software to initiate calcium activity recording by BNC trigger input.
- configure video capturing PC to send out BNC signal to Inscopix DAQ box while it starts video recording.

Installation:

Before you start, you should save the following files in the same folder and name them in the following format:
- **date_GPIO.csv**: the GPIO file generated by Inscopix. This can be from a single session or a time series.
- **date_Traces.csv OR date_Traces_Denoise.csv**: the raw or denoised calcium traces file generated by Inscopix. This can be from a single session or a time series.
- **date_Events.csv**: the event detection (spiking) file generated by Insxopix. This can be from a single session or a time series.
- **xxxshufflexxx.csv**: the motion detection results generated by DeepLabCut. The default naming logic by DeepLabCut is recommended. One or multiple files can be used based on your recording schedule.

Open up 'main.py' and edit the values (file path, x_bounds, y_bounds) to match your settings.
- x_bounds and y_bounds refer to the boundaries of the arena in relation to the area captured in the videos. It is likely that your camera is positioned to capture a larger area than the actual arena. These values could be measured with ImageJ (or something equivalent) using screenshots of the captured videos, or the labeled images generated by DeepLabCut.

Run 'main.py' to process the data.
